feat: update contracts to latest slashing release (#120)
Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs: README.md

anvil
```

> Deploy contracts , give UAM permissions , create quorum in single command :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy contracts, set UAM permissions, and create a quorum in a single command:
```
